docs: add analyzer plugins and rules documentation (#2890)
kubeshop/tracetest: docs/docs/analyzer/plugin-otel.md

# OTel Semantic Conventions

> The `Open Telemetry Semantic Conventions` plugin is responsible of analyzing the spans that are part of a trace in order to identify problematic patterns. The set of rules follows the OpenTelemetry conventions with the end goal of ensure quality in the telemetry data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `OpenTelemetry Semantic Conventions` plugin analyzes the spans that are part of a trace to identify problematic patterns. The set of rules follows the OpenTelemetry conventions to ensure the quality of the telemetry data.
```
